// Java Programming, Joyce Farrell
// Chapter 4 Case Problems
1.  a.  Carly's Catering provides meals for parties and special events. In Chapters 3
        and 4, you created an Event class for the company. Now ake the following
        changes to the class:
        Currently, the class contains a field that holds the price for an Event. Now
        add another field that holds the price per guest, and add a public method
        to return its value.

        Currently, the class contains a field that holds the price for an Event. Now
        add another field that holds the price per guest, and add a public method
        to return its value.

        Currently, the class contains a constant for the price per guest. Replace
        that field with two fields -- a lower price per guest that is $32, and a higher
        price per guest that is $35.

        Add a new method named isLargeEvent() that returns true if the
        number of guests is 50 or greater and otherwise returns false .

        Modify the method that sets the number of guests so that a large Event
        (more than 50 guests) uses the lower price per guest to set the new
        pricePerGuest field and calculate the total Event price. A small Event
        uses the higher price.

    Save the file as Event.java.

    b.  In Chapter 4, you modified the EventDemo class to demonstrate two Event
        objects. Now modify that class again as follows:

        Instantiate three Event objects, and prompt the user for values for each
        object.

        Change the method that displays Event details to use the new
        isLargeEvent() method and the new price per guest value. Use the
        display method with all three objects.

        Create a method that accepts two Event objects and returns the larger
        one based on number of guests. (If the Events have the same number of
        guests, you can return either object.) Call this method three times -- once
        with each pair of instantiated Events -- and display the event nu mber and
        number of guests for each argument as well as the event number and
        number of guests for the larger Event

    Save the file as EventDemo.java

2.  a.  Sammy's Seashore Supplies rents beach equipment such as kayaks, canoes,
        beach chairs, and umbrellas to tourists. IN Chapters 3 and 4, you created a
        Rental class for the company.

    Now, make the following change to the class:

        Currently, a rental price is calculated as $40 per hour plus $1 for each
        minute over a full hour. This means that a customer who rents equipment
        for 41 or more minutes past an hour pay more than a customer who
        waits until the next hour to return the equipment. Change the price
        calculation so that customer pays $40 for each full hour and $ ore each extra
        minute up to and including 40 minutes.

    Save teh file as Rental.java
    b.  In Chapter 4, you modified the RentalDemo class to demonstrate a Rental
    object. Now modify that class again as follows:

        Instantiate three Rental objects, and prompt the user for values for each
        object. Display the details for each object to verify that the new price
        calculation works correctly.

        Create a method that accepts two Rental objects and returns the one
        with the longer rental time. (IF the Rentals have the same time, you can
        return either object.) Call this method three times -- once with each pair
        of instantiated Rentals -- and display the contract number and time in
        hours and minutes for each argument as well as the contract number of
        the longer Rental.

        Save the file as RentalDemo.java



