// Java Programming, Joyce Farrell
// Chapter 4 Game Zone

1   Dice are used in many games. One die can be thrown to randomly show a
    value from 1 through 6. Design a Die class that can hold an integer data field
    for a value ( from 1 to 6 ). Include a constructor that randomly assigns a
    value to a die object. Appendix D contains information about generating random
    numbers. To fully understand the process, you must learn more bout Java
    classes and methods. However, for now, you can copy the following statement
    to generate a random number between 1 and 6 and assign it to a variable.
    Using this statement assumes you have assin=gned appropriate values to the
    static constants.

    randomValue 5 ((int)(Math.random() * 100 ) % HIGHEST_DIE_VALUE+
        LOWEST_DIE_VALUE) ;

    Also includdee a method in the class to return a die's value. Save the class as
    Die.java. Write an application that randomly "throws" two dice and displays
    their values. After you read the chapter "Making Decision", you will be able to
    have the game determine th higher die. For now, just observ how the values
    change as you execute the program multiple times. Save the application as
    TwoDice.java.

2.  Using the Die class, write an application that randomly "throws" five dice for the
    computer and five dice for the player. Display the values and then, by
    observing the results, decide who wins based on the following hierarchy of Die values.
    (The computer will not decide the winner; the player will determine the winner
    based on observation.) Any higher combination beats a lower onw; for example,
    five of a kind beats four of a kind.

        Five of a kind
        Four of a kind
        Three of a kind
        A pair

    After you learn about decision-making in Chapter 5, you will be able to make
    the program determine whether you ar the computer had the better roll, and
    after you read the chapter "Introduction to Arrays",  you will be able to make the
    determination more efficient. For now, just observe how the values changes as you
    execute the program multiple times. Save the application as FiveDice.java.